README.md, before:

# SVG-Logo-Maker

## Description

This SVG-Logo_maker app is meant for a user to easily create a simple logo. It asks a series of questions in the command-line and returns the users selected options creating a logo of a shape with up to 3 characters displayed inside.

## Installation

To use this Logo-Maker on your local machine, you would have to:


-Clone the repository down from github.

-Be sure to have node.js installed.

-Open the terminal and run 'npm install' to install the 'inquirer' and 'jest' packages that are found in the package.json file.

## Usage

To run this program:


-Right click on the 'index.js' file.

-Select 'Open in Integrated Terminal'.

-Run the command 'node index.js'.


You will then be prompted to answer a series of questions.

## Screenshots

This is an example of the questions that will be asked:
    
![Alt Text](/assets/SVG-Questions-Screenshot.png)

This is the result of the above questions/answers:
    
![Alt Text](/assets/SVG-Logo-Screenshot.png)

## Tests

To run the tests for this program:


-Right click on the 'shapes.test.js' file.

-Select 'Open in Integrated Terminal'.

-Run the command 'npm test'.

## Credits

[stackoverflow.com](https://stackoverflow.com)

[google.com](https://www.google.com)

[developer.mozilla.org](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Basic_Shapes)

Commit message:

added walkthrough video to README file

README.md, after:

# SVG-Logo-Maker

## Description

This SVG-Logo_maker app is meant for a user to easily create a simple logo. It asks a series of questions in the command-line and returns the users selected options creating a logo of a shape with up to 3 characters displayed inside.

## Installation

To use this Logo-Maker on your local machine, you would have to:


-Clone the repository down from github.

-Be sure to have node.js installed.

-Open the terminal and run 'npm install' to install the 'inquirer' and 'jest' packages that are found in the package.json file.

## Usage

To run this program:


-Right click on the 'index.js' file.

-Select 'Open in Integrated Terminal'.

-Run the command 'node index.js'.


You will then be prompted to answer a series of questions.

## Screenshots

This is an example of the questions that will be asked:
    
![Alt Text](/assets/SVG-Questions-Screenshot.png)

This is the result of the above questions/answers:
    
![Alt Text](/assets/SVG-Logo-Screenshot.png)

## Link to walkthrough video

[Walkthrough video](https://watch.screencastify.com/v/Em8KNNpa1LOdq51amSB6)

## Tests

To run the tests for this program:

-Navigate to the lib file.

-Right click on the 'shapes.test.js' file.

-Select 'Open in Integrated Terminal'.

-Run the command 'npm test'.

## Credits

[stackoverflow.com](https://stackoverflow.com)

[google.com](https://www.google.com)

[developer.mozilla.org](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/SVG/Tutorial/Basic_Shapes)
